1. At line 11, the value of i will be prices.length and that will be logged on the console. Although the variable i was created in the for loop, variables created with "var" do not have any block scope. This means that they only have function-scope or global-scope, and they visible through all other code blocks. Once the for loop is complete, console.log() will be able to access i and there will not be any errors.
2. At line 12, the value of discountedPrice will be the final value of discountedPrice from the for loop and that will be logged on the console. Although the variable discountedPrice was created in the for loop, variables created with "var" do not have any block scope. This means that they only have function-scope or global-scope, and they visible through all other code blocks. Once the for loop is complete, console.log() will be able to access discountedPrice and there will not be any errors.
3. At line 13, the value of finalPrice will be the final value of finalPrice from the for loop and that will be logged on the console. The variable finalPrice was created in the function discountPrices(). Since variables created with "var" have function-scope, console.log() will be able to access finalPrice and there will not be any errors.
4. The function discountPrices() takes in an array of prices and a discount, applies the given discount to each price in the array and returns an array of the discounted prices. Therefore, when given the prices [100, 200, 300] and the discount 0.5, the function will discount each item by 50% (as calculated in line 6 when we multiply the price with with 1-discount, resulting in the discounted price). Each discounted price is calculated in the for loop in this way, and the price is added to the discounted array. Once the for loop is complete, the function returns the discounted array. The discounted array is maintained through the function because it was created using "var" at the beginning of the function, and variables created with "var" have function scope. In this case, the function returns discounted which is the array [50, 100, 150].
5. At line 11, there will be a ReferenceError stating that i is not defined. This is because the variable i was created using "let" within the scope of the for loop, meaning that i is only accessible within the for loop. Although the variable i is created in the construct of the for loop, this variable is still considered a part of the for block. Variables created with "let" have block-scope (unlike variables created with "var"). Therefore, once the for loop is complete, console.log() will not be able to access i and there will be a ReferenceError.
6. Line 12 will not be executed unless line 11 is fixed/removed since line 11 causes a ReferenceError as stated in question 5. At line 12 (ignoring line 11), there will be a ReferenceError stating that discountedPrice is not defined. This is because the variable discountedPrice was created using "let" within the scope of the for loop, meaning that discountedPrice is only accessible within the for loop. Variables created with "let" have block-scope (unlike variables created with "var"). Therefore, once the for loop is complete, console.log() will not be able to access discountedPrice and there will be a ReferenceError.
7. Line 13 will not be executed unless lines 11 and 12 are fixed/removed since lines 11 and 12 cause ReferenceErrors as stated in questions 5 and 6 respectively. At line 13 (ignoring lines 11 and 12), the value of finalPrice will be the final value of finalPrice from the for loop and that will be logged on the console. The variable finalPrice was created in the function discountPrices() and initialized to 0. Afterwards, the value of finalPrice was updated in the for loop. Since variables created with "let" have function-scope, this is allowed and the value of finalPrice will be successfully updated in the for loop. Since variables created with "let" have function-scope, console.log() will be able to access finalPrice and there will not be any errors.
8. The function will not return any value unless lines 11 and 12 are fixed/removed since lines 11 and 12 cause ReferenceErrors as stated in questions 5 and 6 respectively. Ignoring these lines, we know the function discountPrices() takes in an array of prices and a discount, applies the given discount to each price in the array and returns an array of the discounted prices. Therefore, when given the prices [100, 200, 300] and the discount 0.5, the function will discount each item by 50% (as calculated in line 6 when we multiply the price with with 1-discount, resulting in the discounted price). Each discounted price is calculated in the for loop in this way, and the price is added to the discounted array. Once the for loop is complete, the function returns the discounted array. The discounted array is maintained through the function because it was created using "let" at the beginning of the function, and variables created with "let" have function scope. In this case, the function returns discounted which is the array [50, 100, 150].
9. Line 7 causes a TypeError that states Assignment to constant variable. This is because, the value of finalPrice cannot be updated within the for loop as it has been created using "const". Therefore, line 11 will not be executed unless this is fixed. At line 11 (ignoring line 7), there will be a ReferenceError stating that i is not defined. This is because the variable i was created using "let" within the scope of the for loop, meaning that i is only accessible within the for loop. Although the variable i is created in the construct of the for loop, this variable is still considered a part of the for block. Variables created with "let" have block-scope (unlike variables created with "var"). Therefore, once the for loop is complete, console.log() will not be able to access i and there will be a ReferenceError.
10. Line 7 causes a TypeError that states Assignment to constant variable. This is because, the value of finalPrice cannot be updated within the for loop as it has been created using "const". Additionally, line 11 causes a ReferenceError as stated in question 9. Therefore, line 12 will not be executed unless these issues at line 7 and line 11 are fixed/removed. At line 12 (ignoring lines 7 and 11), there will be a ReferenceError stating that discountedPrice is not defined. This is because the variable discountedPrice was created using "const" within the scope of the for loop, meaning that discountedPrice is only accessible within the for loop. Variables created with "const" have block-scope (unlike variables created with "var" and similar to variables created with "let"). Therefore, once the for loop is complete, console.log() will not be able to access discountedPrice and there will be a ReferenceError.
11. Line 7 causes a TypeError that states Assignment to constant variable. This is because, the value of finalPrice cannot be updated within the for loop as it has been created using "const". Additionally, lines 11 and 12 causes ReferenceErrors as stated in questions 9 and 10. Therefore, line 13 will not be executed unless these issues at line 7, line 11, and line 12 are fixed/removed. At line 13 (ignoring lines 7, 11, and 12), the console will log 0. This is because finalPrice was initialized to 0 and created using "const", meaning that its value can never be changed. Therefore, finalPrice will always have the value 0, and this will be logged by the console. In this case, line 7 causes issues because it tries to change the value of finalPrice. If line 7 is kept, then there will be a TypeError as stated earlier.
12. Line 7 causes a TypeError that states Assignment to constant variable. This is because, the value of finalPrice cannot be updated within the for loop as it has been created using "const". Additionally, lines 11 and 12 causes ReferenceErrors as stated in questions 9 and 10. Therefore, the function will not return any value unless lines 7, 11, and 12 are fixed/removed. Ignoring these lines, we know the function discountPrices() takes in an array of prices and a discount, tries to apply the given discount to each price in the array and returns an array of the discounted prices. However, when given the prices [100, 200, 300] and the discount 0.5, the function will not be able to successfully discount each item by 50% (because in line 7, we cannot update the value of finalPrice). Since finalPrice is constant and cannot be updated, then for each iteration of the for loop, when finalPrice is pushed to the discounted array, finalPrice's value is 0, and thus the discounted array has the same number of 0's as the length of prices. Once the for loop is complete, the function returns the discounted array. The discounted array is maintained through the function because it was created using "const" at the beginning of the function, and variables created with "const" have function scope. Additionally, the discounted array cannot be reassigned; however, it can be manipulated and thus we can push values to it (as done in line 8). In this case, the function returns discounted which is the array [0, 0, 0]. I AM NOT SURE ABOUT THIS ANSWER.
13. A. student.name
    
    B. student['Grad Year']

    C. student.greeting()

    D. student['Favorite Teacher'].name

    E. student.courseLoad[0]
14. **A. ‘3’ + 2, output: '32'**, reasoning: '3' is a string and thus JavaScript does a string concatenation when it  sees the plus sign immediately following a string. Thus 2 is converted to a string, and concatenating '2' with '3' results in the string '32'.
    **B. ‘3’ - 2, output: 1**, reasoning: '3' is a string, however, JavaScript does not recognize the minus sign as a string operation because there is no string subtraction in JavaScript. Therefore, JavaScript converts the string '3' to a number and subtracts 2 from 3, resulting in the number 1.
    **C. 3 + null, output: 3**, reasoning: 3 is a number, and thus when JavaScript sees that we are trying to add null to a number, it converts null to its numerical equivalent, which is 0, to fix the type mismatch. Therefore, JavaScript adds 3 to 0, resulting in the number 3.
    **D. '3' + null, output: '3null'**, reasoning: '3' is a string and thus JavaScript does a string concatenation when it  sees the plus sign immediately following a string. Thus null is converted to a string, and concatenating 'null' with '3' results in the string '3null'.
    **E. true + 3, output: 4**, reasoning: When working with a boolean and a number type, JavaScript converts the boolean value to a number. The numerical value for true is 1. Therefore, JavaScript adds 1 to 3, resulting in the number 4.
    **F. false + null, output: 0**, reasoning: When working with a boolean and null, JavaScript converts null to false. Then, we are adding two boolean values. JavaScript converts these boolean values to their equivalent numbers to add them. The numerical value for false is 0. Therefore, JavaScript adds 0 to 0, resulting in the number 0.
    **G. "3" + undefined, output: '3undefined'**, reasoning: '3' is a string and thus JavaScript does a string concatenation when it  sees the plus sign immediately following a string. Thus undefined is converted to a string, and concatenating 'undefined' with '3' results in the string '3undefined'.
    **H. "3" - undefined, output: NaN**, reasoning: '3' is a string, however, JavaScript does not recognize the minus sign as a string operation because there is no string subtraction in JavaScript. Therefore, JavaScript converts the string '3' to a number. It then tries to convert undefined to its numerical value, which is NaN (Not a Number) because undefined does not have a numerical value. Thus, the subtraction is not possible, and the output is also NaN.
15. **A. '2' > 1, output: true**, reasoning: When comparing a string and a number, JavaScript converts the string to a number. Thus, the string '2' is converted to the number 2. Since 2 > 1, the output is true. 
    **B. '2' < '12', output: false**, reasoning: When comparing two strings, JavaScript uses dictionary/lexographical order, comparing the string letter-by-letter. JavaScript first compares 2 to 1. Since 2 > 1, the output is false.
    **C. 2 == '2', output: true**, reasoning: When comparing a string and a number, JavaScript converts the string to a number. Thus, the string '2' is converted to the number 2. Since 2 = 2, the output is true. 
    **D. 2 === '2', output: false**, reasoning: The === operator is a strict equality operator which checks equality without type conversion. Thus, JavaScript compares the string '2' to the number 2. Because there is a type mismatch, the output is false.
    **E. true == 2, output: false**, reasoning: When comparing a boolean and a number, JavaScript converts the boolean to a number. The numerical value for true is 1. Since 1 is not equal to 2, the output is false. 
    **F. true === Boolean(2), output: true**, reasoning: In JavaScript, all nonzero numbers have a boolean value of true. Since 2 is nonzero, Boolean(2) = true. Thus, here we are checking if true is equivalent to true. Thereofre, the output is true. 
16. In JavaScript, the == operator checks equality between two values. If there is a type mismatch, the values get converted following JavaScript rules. For example, when checking equality between a string and a number, the string will get converted to a number first, and then JavaScript will check for equality. The === operator is a string equality operator which checks equality without type conversion. Thus, the values will not get converted, meaning that the values have to be of the same type AND equivalent. For example, when checking equality between a string and a number, JavaScript will always output false.
17. "How are you?" gets printed. First, we check if the condition in the if statement (line 1) is true. When comparing a boolean and a number, JavaScript converts the boolean to a number. The numerical value for true is 1. Since 2 is not equal to 1, the output is false. Thus, we do not enter the if condition, and instead we check the else if condtion next. In JavaScript, all nonzero values have a boolean value of true. Thus the condition in the else if statement (line 3) is 2, which, when converted to a boolean, is true. Thus, we enter the else if condition and print "How are you?". Since we entered the else if condition, we no longer have to consider the else condition.
18. In JS file part1-question18.js
19. modifyArray([1,2,3], doSomething) returns the array [6,8,10]. We first enter modifyArrray() and create the new array newArr. Within the for loop, for each element in [1,2,3], we first call the callback function. The callback of modfiyArray() in this case is doSomething() as it was passed in as a parameter.  When i = 0, we call the callback on array[0], or 1, which calls doSomething(1, function(x)) with the element and provides doSomething() with a callback function as well. Here, doSomething() takes in the callback function function(x). doSomething() returns the callBack function on num+2, which is 1+2, or 3. The callback function(x) (embedded in the for loop in modifyArray()), returns x * 2, which is 3 * 2, or 6. Thus, the first element of the newArr is 6. In a similar way, the elements 8 and 10 are retrieved from 2 and 3 respectively.
20. In JS file part1-question20.js I DON'T KNOW IF THIS IS CORRECT
21. Output: 1 4 3 2, Reasoning: First, console.log(1) prints 1. Then, we set a 1 second (1000 milisecond) timeout in line 3. Then, we set a 0 second timeout in line 4. Even though the timeout is 0 seconds, the function is not executed immediately because the function is set to execute in the next event loop. Then, console.log(4) prints 4. The 0 second timer set in line 4 is next up to execute, and thus console.log(3) prints 3. Finally, the 1 second timer set in line 3 is next up to execute, and thus console.log(2) prints 2. I AM NOT SURE ABOUT THIS ANSWER.